{'Imagine how many have done this already and got away with entering ': False, 
"JW filed a FOIA lawsuit against State Treasury seeking answers on Obama Admin's $400 million cash pymt to Iran. ": False, 
'I am curious as to how many priests impregnanted young girls and used abortion to ': False, 
'Should read blames Obama, diminishes the intelligence community and slams CNN and ': False, 
'Global Payroll Specialist Assistant Manager, Dublin - ': False, 
'White gay: but I thought the b in lgbt stands for babadook ': True, 
'Dear you - your husband worked the rescue boats in the Med. Plse may we chat off record katie@katiehopkins.co.uk ': False, 
'They were conducted by two priests to a bench placed in front of the house in the open ': False, 
'No body can convince me that Barak Hussein Obama was working to weaken America since his ideology is well known and it is compared to ': False, 
'Trump: Obama Knew About Election Meddling Back In Early August And Did Nothi (pls ️️ ': False, 
"It's a sign of the current weakness of UK liberal centre that it's most popular commentators such as are ": False,
"has just given a speech exposing the flaws in our the PM's approach to the Brexit negotiations here&gt; ": False, 
'Media never show anything against Maulvees Priests as dey have enough plots 2 defame Hindu saints. ': False, 
"Bitch can't sleeep at all. Too much on my ": False, 
"'09 Obama - Listen up Racists Elections have consequences. Peaceful transition of power! If Dem's aren't Seditious… ": False, 
'Leave Hobby Lobby alone! God expressly stated no birth control and no gay marriage, but never said anything about ': False, 
'bullshit asymmetry post feat. ': False, 
"I'm a political opinionated patriotic secular liberal center kind of guy .... and I choose to speak for… ": False, 
'yeah this must hurt like a bitch ': False, 
'Pearl: To begin, this Holopearl will be your opponent. Holopearl: Level zero beginner set! Do you wish to engage in ': False, 
"A huge legal 'flaw' in Brexit could make it vulnerable to a court challenge ": False, 
"Let's kill the childish lie that Labour supports the Tories on ": False, 
'Best thing for is back defending paedophile priests. Pell needs his help RIGHT now ': False, 
'Third sign in three days Brexit is hurting the economy ': False, 
'Donald Trump Is Not a "Legitimate President" JohnLewis is a TRAITOR to AMERICANS who voted for DJT! ': True, 
'Why you talking to your daddy like an underpaid ': False, 
'Hearts in Ireland | Ian Cathro talks Perry Kitchen, midfield reinforcements &amp; Kyle Lafferty debut… ': False, 
'Good morning! Intense week of press coverage for The new Hotel on ': False, 
"Lived experience vs ideology - Caller Tells Katie: Working With Migrants Changed My 'Liberal' Husband ": False, 
'Jdb Justin ': False, 
"Death of talented teen footballer (16) from 'cocaine-like' designer drug is first recorded in Ireland… ": False, 
"BBC News - Exorcism in Italy a job 'too scary' for young priests ": False, 
'If Obama did ANY of the lunatic things has done since taking office the would have literally set the White ': False, 
"It's back with Southern Ireland, where it ": False, 
"Obsessed with Obama who's presidency history will see as remarkable. 0 convictions from the black POTUS. How ": False, 
'gay ': False, 
'Raising real concerns on behalf of and but no assurance or answer from govt ': False, 
'Trump administration begins pushing Obama’s tax policies ': False, 
'A beautiful spot next to Dromoland Castle. Co Clare Ireland. ': False, 
"'First they came for Katie Hopkins' was a joke but 'then they came for Luciana and I did not speak out for ": False, 
Boris Johnson is an idiot.your version of Donald Trump.We don't care what he thinks or ": True, 
"The EU's chief Brexit negotiator says 'frictionless trade' is 'not possible' after Britain leaves ": False, 
'Jimmy tell us about dlf Ireland research and deve… ': False, 
'Hacked computer server that handled DNC email remains out of reach of Russia investigators by Obama AG Lynch order ': False, 
"Sleep with the fishes: Gove's first move raises alarm over UK hard Brexit strategy via ": False, 
'my mirror: YAS BITCH YOU LOOK AMAZING! SLAY! my phone camera: ': False, 
'376. ) thanks Obama ': False, 
'Liberal man goes to rescue refugees, starts hating refugees. ': True, 
"It isn't going to work. It will most hurt those who voted for it. I've lost my struggle to be optimistic about Brexit. ": False, 
'Ireland ': False, 
"Another hour! It's July 06, 2017 at 07:00AM Justin ": False, 
"dam I'm a hard ass bitch ": False, 
'"amount of energy necessary to refute Brexit bullshit is order of magnitude bigger than to produce it" By ': False, 
"Donald Trump lays out the truth about Obama and the globalists on the world stage. You can't put thi… ": False, 
'IM LIKE GAWD DAMN YOU DIRTY BITCH ': True, 
'U.S. President Donald Trump says "nations must publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there are consequences for ': False, 
'Must have to pose as tolerant and caring liberal while making homosexual slurs like Making Star ': True, 
"Find out all about the stories team behind Ireland's Gin in our 'Meet the Maker' interview:… ": False, 
'Its the sorta shit a Katie Hopkins or Tommy Rob idoliser would say...gives away there ': False, 
'Yes! Bcs we love and respect unconditionally,treat him like an human being, an artist and a ': False, 
'Long hair and a flat top is gay ': True, 
'I very rarely agree with Catholic priests but this I completely agree with. ': False, 
'CNN threatened to publish his name and address you old billy goat! Whose side… ': True, 
'(4) More photos of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
'Its not gay to respect women. But it is pussy to love a ': True, 
"There is a cure to liberal madness - it's called traditionalism. ": True, 
'NI priests receive honours for peace and Irish language services ': False, 
"1500 words from and me on 12 lessons for Brexit from Norway's 23 years outside EU but in Single Market ": False, 
"i'm not gay? shut your ": False, 
'DRUG-FUELLED GAY ORGY AT VATICAN... ': False, 
'Maybe the church of priests. ': False, 
'For priests and politicians it seems to be one law for them and a different one for the rest of us. Hypocrites all? ': False, 
"mum: whose twenty one pilots shirt is this dad: that's shannons, its her favourite band me: DAMN STRAIGHT ": False, 
'Give us as wave.... Hey Buddy Hey Biebsy I never heard Justin been call Biebsy. Justin Bieber ': False, 
'Another stupid liberal disaster for a leader. ': True, 
'Trump tells it like it is and speaks his mind, refreshing as politicians normally never answer a question ': False, 
'Good Morning Beliebers Justin Bieber ': False, 
'Brexit is slow train crash...... Labour has to reverse policy and give our voters a choice. ': False, 
'The SNP are going to bankrupt Scotland ': False, 
"Gay Update: I'm currently feeling symphonically ": False, 
'Hated by the Right. Mocked by the Left. Who Wants to Be ‘Liberal’ Anymore? ': False, 
'YOU HAVE MADE THEM TO BE A KINGDOM AND PRIESTS TO SERVE OUR GOD, AND THEY WILL REIGN ON THE EARTH. ( REV. 5: 10 ': False, 
"i don't think, i know i'm a funny bitch": False, 
'At last, someone tells us what means. This, from ': False, 
'Globalist and Socialist spreading their NWO. Using PC, Religion and Racism to accomplish it. Merkel helped the Devil ': True,
'Police stand idly by, watching the islamic hate speech yet arrest anyone who criticises islam. Self destructive ': False, 
'Donald Trump to give major speech in Poland - BBC News ': False, 
'define Justin ': False, 
'Right-wing pols must put nation’s health above Obama disdain ': False, 
"Roche and Ireland's Biggest Biopharma take their Parkinson's Antibody to Phase II ": False, 
'"WE JUST DONT KNOW. IT COULD HAVE BEEN OTHER COUNTRIES TOO. OBAMA WAS AT FAULT?" LIKE DUDE HOW STUPID DO YOU THINK WE ALL ': False, 
'As a monotheist, he was despised by the priests of other cults and most depictions of him were destroyed after his ': False, 
'Brexit negotiator in post-exit trade warning ': False, 
'Trump supporter vandalized school with ‘liberal hate speech’ to frame White House detractors ': False, 
"'Twas Brexit, and the slimy Gove Did lie, dissembling, in the Mail All flimsy was the case for Leave And Remainers' wrath ": True, 
"More liberal criticism of Trump's attacks on the free press. Oh wait, this is from a GOP Senator. ": True, 
'Pope ‘infuriated’ after cops raid drug-fueled ‘gay orgy’ at Vatican priest’s apartment: report... ': False, 
'What a sexy bitch': False, 
'Check out Shannon Crystal Designs Of Ireland 24% Lead Crystal Single Candlestick 6 1/2 In via ': False, 
'David Guetta ft Justin Bieber - 2U (The Victoria’s Secret Angels Lip Sync) ': False, 
'How become the voice of liberal Britain ': False, 
"CNN is claiming Trump's wrestling tweet was anti-Islam and racist. When things go against you, the Liberal play book says ": True, 
"Phelan sets out how Hrabanus Maurus's commentary on Matthew worked as a handbook for busy priests on the go in C9 Mainz ": False, 
'Senior Tax Manager, Top 12, Dublin - ': False, 
'"Fake news!" ': False, 
'Its called the LoganAct and u just violated it again, Barack Obama And there will be consequences for your behavior ': True,
'Donald Trump thinks Russia might have interfered in the 2016 US election: AFP ': False, 
"NORTH KOREA MISSLE: HOLLYWOOD Foreshadowing. Too bad Obama didn't see movie.": False, 
"Liberal can't believe Trump will win in 2020, Retweet if you think he will WIN in 2020! Click here to get a T-shirt": False, 
"good morning harry did THAT he's acting bitch ": False, 
"'President Obama Was The Greatest Hoax Ever Perpetrated On The American People'": True, 
'Corporate lobbyists and shock doctrinistas are negotiating Brexit. We need to be vigilant. ': False, 
"Justin Bieber's Crowd": False, 
'Policy Exchange was co-founded by Michael Gove ': False, 
'Much at stake as Ireland women’s hockey team enters semi-finals Triumph over Japan in Johannesburg would kee… ': False, 
'Stay up to date with THE JUICE! Follow US!!! Police Raid Vatican Priest’s Drug-Fueled ‘Gay Orgy’ In Apartment R... ': False, 
'late night thoughts can go one of two ways.. 1. freaky as fuck or 2.. sad denna ': False, 
"Otherwise I think there's danger of a backlash pushing us faster and harder into ": False, 
'Does work? Ireland is at the forefront of our own political debate in the UK ': False, 
'The EU is now booming - their migrants are returning. May is wrong to put immigration clampdown over UK economy. ': False, 
'smooth teen sex gay naked latinas photos ': False, 
"wanna wear my dungarees to pride but also don't wanna look completely indistinguishable frm every other white gay there ": False, 
'I am Team Bieber...I will not hide, I wont back down! I will show my unconditional support for Justin ': False, 
"There will be no frictionless border between Ireland and the UK. It's a fiction. ": False, 
'"Somoza may be a son-of-a-bitch but he's our son-of-a-bitch." - FDR ': False, 
"Well seeing that you're 5'6, you're pretty much a bitch too. You're dismissed. ": True, 
'Interstate showdown between Liberal Coastal Elites and the Red State Religious could haunt the Democrats in 2020 ': False, 
'Good ': False, 
'(3) Another video of Justin Bieber out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
"Where's the outrage from Obama? No comment about the death of a police officer in ": False, 
'Do Catholic priests forget what they are told in confession? by Christianos Williams ': False, 
"Sewoon and Kihyun singing justin bieber's boyfriend my god ": False, 
'Trump administration delays Obama policy allowing transgenders to enlist in military | News | LifeSite ': False, 
"Not totally accurate. I've come across plenty Catholics who defend/deny the abuse/priests. ": False, 
'Justin Bieber via Facebook: ': False, 
'life is absurd im gay ': False, 
"Test drive the and discover why it's Ireland's best-selling car. Book your test drive today:… ": False, 
'Donald Trump to say in Poland speech "fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive" ': False,
'Video of Justin Bieber out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
"Charlie Gard: Donald Trump 'to confront Theresa May over terminally ill baby boy' ": False, 
'Assistant Financial Accountant, South Dublin, South Dublin - ': False, 
"Liam Fox just did a 'Leadsom' and accused the media of wanting Brexit to fail via ": False, 
'imagine your boyfriend dies and 5 b*tches post flipagrams and screenshots about how he was the love of they life. bitch ': True, 
'Vatican Police Raid Top Priest’s Apartment For Drugs And Find Gay Orgy - ': False, 
' says if you join the NSW Liberal Party, you have almost no say in policy debates or pre-selection ': False, 
'Polly takes balanced view of and at last. Thank you ': False, 
'170706 ♡ JUSTIN BIEBER PURPOSE TOUR ': False, 
'Wonderful to hear Sharan Burrow, leader of the global trade union movement, address us here in Belfast, Ireland at… ': False, 
'Donegal, Ireland ': False, 
"can you believe there's people saying justin bieber can't sing. so blessed that i got to hear this life ": False, 
"Latest FIFA Men's World Ranking: 13 - England 20 - Wales 22 - Northern Ireland 29 - Rep of Ireland 58 - ": False, 
"But life is short like my height, I was already home and I can't forget her smile goddammit I'm not gay but srsly i… ": False, "Brexit faces potential court challenge over 'technical flaw' in way Article 50 was triggered ": False, 
'Lunch with Obama was dope yesterday ': False, 
'i can't believe the newest danish political party's name can be translated to "new bourgeois" or "new ': False, 
'there will be a big crowd because they have bussed people in. Obama never had to have people bussed in. Trump in ': True, 'Ireland joins France, Germany and Bulgaria in banning fracking - UK needs to follow': False, 
'The Americans left it too late to book a hotel for Trump in Hamburg for the G20. via ': False, 
"Asked about well-documented Russian meddling in '16, Trump says it could have been Russia and other countries -- pivots ": False, 
'Never let you go Justin ': False, 
'even APPARENTLY sinc… ': False, 
'In their little liberal minds they think they are the only people that m… ': True, 
'18. Beautiful Soul - Jesse McCartney. Before we had Justin Bieber, we had teen pop sensation Jesse McCartney. ': False, 
'BITCH OMG ': False, 
"'Twas Brexit ... via ": False, 
"Caller Tells Katie: Working With Migrants Changed My 'Liberal' Husband ": False, 
"Ok, so I'm not the only that has thought The Rock and Barack Obama look alike in some way. Just found this face mashup ": False, 
"that's because everyone's fucking gay kumiko ": True, 
'All these nancies who want to axe my Ass please I am not a gay. Please stop nagging my inbox with your stupid nude ': True, 
'Priests make arrangements to offer the holy drink to Lord Jagannath for Adhar Pana begin ': False, 
'Karma is a Bitch... Give out what you want to ': False, 
'Justin Bieber crowd tonight! ': False, 
'McCain is a SELL-OUT, and a COWARD, and a Bitch, like OBAMA, took millions from SANTANIC PEDOFILE GEORGE ': True, 
'18. But. Rest assured that a change is coming. No one currently has a democratic mandate for the shape of ': False, 
"if a bitch smiles when she mad, she's crazy as hell ": False, 
"Won't spoked a word on crimes of Maulavis/Priests but was greedy making news on innocent Hindu Saint ": False, 
'This is what Brexit "hardball" looks like from the EU\'s Michel Barnier aka "you can have your cake and pay for it" via ': False, 
"Letter of the week in today's about those new Tory Brexit tribes ": False, 
"There's a slut on my dick! ": True, 
'Business Development Consultant - French Market, Dublin - ': False, 
"1st Qtr. Salary to Go to Fix Antietam Battlefield ": False, 
'and rule Hot 100 yet again with "Despacito," feat. ': False, 
'Justin Bieber - Love ': False, 
"Do you think it'll be worth staying in the UK post ": False, 
'“despacito (remix)” is officially the most popular song in genius HISTORY': False, 
"Lindsay Lohan defends President Trump, asks people stop 'bullying him' ": False, 
"rt if you're gay/lesbian rt if you're trans/bi rt if you're straight rt if you support gay rights rt if we should throw ": False, 
'Contrast with President Obama, who often made a point of extolling a free press — especially when ': False, 
"The EU's chief negotiator just made an ominous warning about ": False, 
'Trump admits Obama "was told it was Russia by the CIA" that meddled in US election. Then equivocates and launches i… ': False, 
'If I were a right winger this is what I would be. Seems about right since I am a social liberal who voted for Ron Paul ': False, 
'BITCH WTF IS THIS ': True, 
'With returning July 17th, pubs around Ireland are busy preparing for its return! ': False, 
'even APPARENTLY sincere MORTAL priests truly LETHAL ALL choose freely IMMORTAL high priest as Abraham did and ask God ALL perfect Love of ': False, 
'Those priests and elders believed in the gentile king, without believing in ': False, 
'This is what the Obama admin. was working on last summer (a deal that collapsed after the UN aid convoy bombing). ': False, 
'I must say, I do enjoy reading your tweets. You are so direct and truthful. Keep up th… ': False, 
'he also shot the Catholic priests (good Catholic that he ': False, 
'But 9gag is pretty gay ': True, 
"DID YOU TURN INTO A LEFT LIBERAL PACIFIST?! COW ISN'T LOW ": True, 
'BREAKING: Northern Ireland reach highest ever FIFA world ranking ': False, 
"I'M ": False, 
'The latest anti-ISIS strategy from the Pentagon looks a lot like the one under the Obama administration: ': False, 
'Anecto will be exhibiting at Med In Ireland 2017. See here for more information about Anecto: ': False, 
"Madeline's timeline is Trump, anti CNN, Katie Hopkins Despite her biog,… ": False, 
'The biggest reason for priests’ silence in the face of our moral meltdown | Opinion | LifeSite ': False, 
'Tabiki justin Justin ': False, 
"let me get my fatass to sleep before i get no sleep at all and i'm at work w zero hours of rest and dealing with bitch ass ": True, 
'Senior DevOps Engineer Job, Dublin - ': False,
'Opro Become Official Mouthguard Of Hockey Ireland Opro teams up with Hockey Ireland to ensure players receiv… ': False,
'You can thank Obama Hillary and the Left for their anti-police sentiment and siding w They luv prote… ': False, 
'Trump: Obama knew about election meddling back in early August and did nothing, he ‘choked’ - ': False, 
'Belieber are one family from different all around the world, colours, faiths, speaks different languages ': False, 
"controversial carbonara is fit for a bedroom feast ": False, 
'Never mind no tickets being on sale for Celtic Fans.People from West Belfast have always been good at finding Touts ': False, 
"US-China gap on NKorea policy widening as interests diverge - U.S. President Donald Trump's hopes for China's h... ": False, 
'Trudeau at Toronto Gay Pride Parade: “Pride mubarak…Happy Pride to Allah” ': False, 
'Breakfast of Champions ': False, 
' bitch is you BLIND ': True, 
'Last day of 3 2s v Wolves Ireland currently 95 for 5 lead of 55 ': False, 
'But you advertise in the Daily Mail, where columnist Katie Hopkins refers to fore… ': False, 
"The Financial Times just printed their most NSFW letter ever, and it's about Brexit ": False, 
"Straight people really don't know how to tell when someone is gay. Y'all think not following gender roles determines a ": True, 
'Justin Bieber Is Unlike Any Other Pop Star in History | Oprah Winfrey Network... via ': False, 
'I liked a video DeshBashi To(Despacito Parody) Justin Bieber Ft VATMAN[[VIDEO BABA ': False, 
'Last night latest to report fear of left Labour govt forcing elite rethink on Brexit ': False, 
"Should be clear to all now that Trump is Putin's bitch, pardon the language. Must be very serious 'kompromat' Russia is in ": True, 
'Should do a celebrity version of starring and ': False, 
'Thank you for sharing your dream letting us be part of your life, Journey Purpose ': False, 
"The possessed priests? I don't think so; they use their timer code for something ": False, 
'Job hunting in biopharma? Regeneron is hiring ': False, 
'Trump in Poland: Obama "did nothing" on Russian meddling ': False, 
'Very sad my brother.The priests should know ': False, 
'Henessy 5150 Calling A Bitch ': False, 
'Elli Justin ': False, 
'JUSTIN BIEBER | | 9.30.17 | PHILIPPINE ARENA | Tickets on sale 7.9.17 ': False, 
'Racism comes out of the closet in Poland as egomaniac blames everything on Obama....again. ': False, 
'Caught-Cocaine fuelledGayOrgy of Priests allied to Pro-Gay Cardinal Coccopamerio adviser to PopeFrancis, who is also ': False, 
"Donald Trump and Rob Kardashian got each other's backs ": False, 
'Justin Bieber Is Mobbed by Fans When Stepping Out of Nando’s in Sydney ': False, 
'Liberal losers blame bjp for everything instead of accepting that CM is fooling s… ': True, 
"but I guess that's why whites don't live or want to live in liberal states anymore like New York and New Jersey and ": False, 
'Given this North Korea mess, I would feel SOOO much safer if Barack Obama were in office. ': False, 
'no limit in the sky and fly for u ing seviyem Justin ': False, 
'Main goal seems to have been to make Matthew accessible to preachers and priests who had pastoral responsibilities ': False, 
'When I watch this clip, it reminds me how anti-American Obama was. I get this sick feeling in my gut. How about You ': False, 
"The Indian's PM's visit to Israel is a sign the world is splitting into liberal democracies Vs authoritarian men ": False, 
'“Legislators, priests, philosophers, writers, ans scientists have striven to show that the subordinate... ': False, 
'Former WH officials claim they were ordered by Obama to work against incoming Trump Administration': False, 
'More photos of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
'OH THIS IS GONNA BE GOOD!! OUR GIRL TOMMI LAUREN IS GOING HEAD TO HEAD WITH THIS LIBERAL TWAT! ': True, 
"BREAKING: US President Donald Trump mulls 'pretty severe' response to North Korea ": False, 
'Impact of welfare changes on rented Housing in Northern Ireland launching at the at parliament buildings ': False, 
"Ireland's top fashionistas are prepping for the Dublin Horse Show in August! Check out the gallery ": False, 
'Vote Beliebers Justin ': False, 
'"I\'ve never heard a single liberal attack a Muslim church for not having gay weddings." ': False, 
'118 DAYS UNTIL HALLOWEEN BITCH ': False, 
"Don't stop measuring someone's growth until they stop growing Justin Bieber ": False, 
"Minister says Ireland and France's relationship will get stronger after ": False, 
'Current lightning activity over the UK and Ireland. ': False, 
'We have a fab gay community in Manchester gets better every ': False, 
'"Donald Trump leaves Angela Merkel to stand up for liberal values" ': False, 
'BBC would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed, suggests Liam Fox ': False, 
"Vatican rocked: Police raid drug-fuelled gay orgy at cardinal's apartment, via ": False,
"So sweet! This one will melt your hearts! Here's a video of Justin Bieber with a Baby Belieber in Sydney, Australia ": False, 
"This explains Liam Fox's comments. He thinks BBC remoaners want UK to struggle with Brexit because he wants Scotlan… ": False, 
'they want to run through the air with no barriers or obstacles, gunmen or guard dogs or ': False, 
"Bitch, i'm highly fucking pissed off. I worked so hard to finally get my skin under control. Thought ": True, 
'A big thanks to for featuring Techies4TempleStreet on their blog. You can read the article at ': False, 
"Hey CNN The U.S. Isn't being forced to any table now that we have a President with the balls to back the Ameri… ": False, 
'No. Paedophile Priests are to blame for paedophile priests. Not women. Not children. Not little green men from Mars. ': False, 
'OMFG....these people are just pure fucking evil': True, 
"I'm the baddest bitch he ever fw ": False, 
'Leaving this gay legend in your tl ': False, 
"Even in Poland Trump continues to make the Russian hacking an Obama issue. I'm embarrassed as an American every time he speaks. Terrible ": False, 
'Is it at all possible for women to be Catholic priests? Read and share... ': False, 
'Get chatting with this ': False, 
'Trump is in Poland this morning lambasting CNN n OBAMA. You are disgusting over there so here to you jerk .... ': True,
'Condoleezza Rice: Trump stands for American values and seeks to act in the best interests of the US ': False, 
'"The EU\'s chief Brexit negotiator says \'frictionless trade\' is \'not possible\' after Britain leaves" ': False, 
'When liberal Bill Gates is telling the EU they have to stop immigration you know the EU is facing total disaster ': False, 
'His repeated lies today about Obama "doing nothing" to stop the Russians is such a complete embarrassment. ': False, 
'Always excited to hear of platforms expanding across Ireland ': False, 
'Hard and Soft Brexit in a nutshell. Courtesy of ': False, 
'The former President is being much too kind. ': False, 
"If we leave then will have succeeded but it will mean many failures for the UK. What doesn't under… ": False, 
'90% of the migrants pretend to be underage, so that should be a ': False, 
"Beliebers don't listen to the haters! Listen to Justin he is grateful loves us! Justin Bieber ": False, 
'EU chief neg on another UK Brexit consequence "all of their financial institutions will lose their passporting ': False,
'and follow ': False, 
'Karma is a bitch only if you are one ': True, 
'Theyre still mad about the last guys skin c… ': False, 
'Strike action threatens recovery in construction sector putting construction jobs at risk – CIF ': False, 
'july is officially gay sloth month ': False, 
"We are now 11.4107% of the way through Donald Trump's scheduled ": False, 
'US investment continues to flow into Ireland ': False, 
'Lord Balabhadra being offered the sweet drink during Adhar Pana ritual in Puri ': False, 
'8 Irish haunts and the famous writers ': False, 
"I'M LIKE GAWD DAMN YOU DIRTY BITCH ": True, 
"Y'all we need to support this EP w/ everything we have. These are 2 openly gay men not singing gender neutral songs ": False, 
'Obama didn\'t want Trump to yell "fixed ': False, 
'Do include women parishioners-in-thrall-to-male-clerics who also tell women priests how to dress ': False, 
"Seal caught 'chilling out' on rubber boat in Northern Ireland. ": False, 
'Lukaku is the top trending topic in Ireland with sentiment of ': False, 
'Wow - political correspondent from The Telegraph saying this. If the media turns against Brexit then we might be in with ': False, 
'45 will blame it on ': False, 
'New song Alert  DOWN bitch ': False, 
"Nazi: I want to burn down mosques. Liberal: Everyone has their own opinions Marxists: people shouldn't be homeless ": False, 
'While this was taking place, namely, priests and monks, to draw him from his faith; however, they then have ': False, 
"is taken literally in Siobhan Gaffney's tale of in Ireland ": False, 
"Northern Ireland up to 22nd (highest ever) in FIFA rankings. September '12: 129th, beneath Turkmenistan. July '17: ": False, 
'Business Operations Executive, Ireland - ': False, 
'Barack Obama is an Instagram Husband ': False,
'That report highlights Obama\'s hypocrisy on class warfare. What does "ice crams scoops" and "… ': False,
'Accept ya Bitch for who she is and build the shit outta ': False, 
'A series of T-shirts with prints in in support of ': False, 
'Science says liberals are psychotic: ': True, 
'Help to Create a National Animal Abuse Registry! Plz sign: Look at this:… ': False, 
"Vatican Police Raid Drug-Fueled Gay Orgy at Priest's Apartment ": False, 
'You ': False, 
'Let\'s get this cleared up!!! Putin did NOT call Trump a "Genius" he called him "Colorful" a dummy can be "Colorful" ': False, 
'How about the Vatican where gay priests have so much ': False, 
'You might be a libtard if... ': True, 
"Insomnia is a bitch. And it doesn't help that my neighbor decided to start mowing his lawn. AT 4:30 IN THE FUCKING ": True, 
'Summer in Ireland. Time ': False, 
"Every day, Brexit slips further away from them. Just a few weeks ago, they'd scoff when you said it could be stopped. They ": False, 
'for a solo dm with Justin Bieber. Read my bio': False, 
'So I did well in school not because I believed in my ability but I was just scared shitless to fail. It seemed failure was = the ': False, 
"Why are they pulling out? Because you repukes are sabatoging Obama care because you don't want a Black… ": True, 
'Remember, Hillary and Obama blamed Benghazi attack on a YouTube video and jailed the producer. CNN is using the same ': False, 
'FHA Becomes Competitive with PMI as Obama Okays Drop in Rates! Los Angeles, CA ': False, 
"sexuality is really fluid bc yesterday i was gay and now i'm ": False, 
'Pope ‘infuriated’ after cops raid drug-fueled ‘gay orgy’ at Vatican priest’s apartment: report ': False, 
"Just found out Obama tapped my phone, Bad Guy Don't miss our regular updates on life in the West Wing ... ": False, 
"This is where Britain currently stands with its Brexit deal. It's not good ": False, 
"Donald Trump says Nato allies must 'get going' on financial obligations and vows to confront North ... ": False, 
'Wait guys what do you think being gay is? ': False, 
'Cork fire: ‘This building had a sad past but it deserved a much better future’ ': False, 
"for 1st time since the ref, it feels like Brexit is not inevitable. This is because it's a terrible idea and Brexiters ": False, 
'Interesting still only 17% female representation in engineering classes in Ireland today - despite all our hard work ': False, 
'Stop lying ': False, 
'Yes, Justin Bieber made a baby cry and it was as strange and awkward as anyone could imagine': False, 
'Must Read: Reality check from EU chief negotiator about Brexit road ahead. Huge wake up call for ': False, 
"Poland; Saudi Arabia rolled out a red carpet for Trump. They didn't do that for Obama. Only 5 months in; countries ": False, 
'Time for leadership - calling all future leaders across UK; Ireland 15-16 Sept | Belfast ': False, 
'Alarm over revelation Northern Ireland jails temporarily release one killer every four days why send them to ': False, 
"Jeremy Corbyn 'very good friends' with preacher who compared gays to paedophiles Corbyn wears Gay ": True, 
'Turns out a Liberal Govt can have a rational discussion on clean energy. take note. ': False, 
'Such a ban is another example of liberal wishy-washy thinking, preposte… ': False, 
'Another video of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 5) ': False, 
'Can we talk about the fact Donald Trump and Rob Kardashian essentially tweeted the same thing today ': False, 
'teen sex ireland images ': False, 
'my soul mate needs 2 hurry up because a bitch has had enough ': False, 
'"Beliefs rather than facts." Blair then, Brexit now. ': False, 
'Yay for the gay!! ': False, 
'Some strong liberal voices to follow; ': False, 
'Here it is! The is coming back in Sept, and tickets are FREE. Read about its exhibitors &amp; seminars… ': False, 
'"I\'m eighteen! Shut up and let me have fun!" -Lewd RP -99% Gay trap -Cuter than you. -Artist: ': False, 
'Ironically, it is the jingoism of the Brexit press that has super-charged the oncoming reckoning with ': False, 
'Theresa May promised Northern Ireland £1 billion. Now public opinion is turning against her cost-cutting policies ': False, 
"Today's devotional explores the duties of the early Priests and how that applies to us today. Read here ": False, 
'Lindsay Lohan Tells People to ‘Stop Bullying’ Donald Trump ': False, 
'Ireland is one of the rare European countries to have escaped the populist wave (via ) ': False, 
'America: Happy Four- Malia Obama: "It\'s my birthday" ': False, 
'Ireland Go For Gold at World Rowing Cup in Lucerne ': False, 
'Big pharma using the courts to ensure HIV prevention drug remain prohibitively expensive for those who need it ': False,
'I liked a video. Despacito - Luis Fonsi ft. Justin Bieber (Devienna ': False, 
'Jus got rich... took a rich nigga bitch oooooooo ': False, 
"The liberal media is spreading lies about conservatives in Missouri. It's literally fake news. WATCH: ": False, 
'justin bieber youre the only reason why i dont wanna live a lie ': False, 
"I'm not crowding my space w/ priests to make me feel secure because I'm raped. They simply have better issues than ": False, 
'News: will hit the road together with the great from Ireland this october/november!… ': False, 
'"Life Is Worth Living" by Justin Bieber has just been certified Gold in the US, the 12th song from \'Purpose\' to rec… ': False, 
'bitch BitCh bItcH ': True, 
'When exactly did Obama EVER trash Bush as DJT does ': False, 
'List of better candidates (partial): Biden Harris Franken Warren Kander Booker Murphy Newsom Obama Oprah Beyoncé GaGa ': False, 
"BREXIT BACKLASH: 'Ambiguous' Corbyn told EU exit will be ‘worse for HIM than Theresa May’ and could SPLIT Labour ": False, 
"I'm the One (feat. Justin Bieber, Quavo, Chance the Rapper &amp; Lil Wayne) by DJ Khaled — ": False, 
'“What matters now is not the skills you have but how you think.” ': False, 
'Police bust priest’s wild, drug-fueled gay orgy, and now the Pope is pissed ': False, 
"Just because you're a hundred doesn't make you intelligent quite the opposite… ": False, 
'Bitch. WINNER - REALLY REALLY is now the most downloaded song by a boy group on Gaon this yr with over 900k ': False, 
'Another video of Justin Bieber out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
'Big govt and Obama should be ur enemy.… ': False, 
"Cladding tests offered to Northern Ireland's property owners ... - Belfast Telegraph ": False, 
'Leave the bitch at the party cause 9 times outta 10 the female you take home will be ': True, 
'Time spent talking about Obama and whether he “choked”: 80 seconds Time spent talking about Putin and whether he deserves ': False, 
'Liberals In For A Rude Awakening: A Successful Donald Trump Presidency | ': False, 
"This veteran's message to Donald Trump telling him to resign today is going viral. ": False, 
'By "that one bitch" do you mean the bitch from universe 6 ': True, 
'Anonymous gay hookups: ': False, 
'Ren and Nora side-by-side, because I am trash.': True, 
"Hi I'm Kory and I'm over gay men. Bye. ": False, 
'Justin ': False, 
'Priests not required to take a vow of poverty, depends on the order. Monks normally take poverty ': False, 
"We went from a super cool President Obama to this confused MORON who can't find his limo in front of him.": True, 
'Brilliant day at Parliament with lobbying MPs; Lords to give the creative industries a voice in Brexit ': False, 
'ohhhhhh bitch the irony‼️I had to bring this back for the culture': True, 
'Burnley have agreed a fee that could reach £3m for Stoke City’s Republic of Ireland forward Jon Walters. More: ': False 
'Bitch I just need your mouth closed legs to divide then watch me kill that pussy kat like a big dog ': True, 
"tfw you're short and gay like everyone ": False, 
'Wow...just, wow...Catholic Church: Women are to Blame for Pedophile Priests- Via - ': False, 
'Good to see Mark Latham on sky again.Sounds like Mark is more Liberal than the ': False, 
"Trump's 1st Qtr. Salary to Go to Fix Antietam Battlefield // Thank you, Mr. President. ": False, 
'Priests offer the Adhar Pana, a holy drink to Maa Subhadra in Puri ': False, 
'Liberals attacked after violent wrestling gif: 0 Liberals attacked after scary NRA ad: 0 Republicans shot by liberal in ': False, 
'That should be me Justin ': False, 
'Who elected your liberal mayor, your liberal representatives, your liberal politicians? Please learn ': False, 
'Ireland has so many capable courses that we could have an Irish Open and a Northern Irish Open on the European tour ': False, 
'Donald Trump on US election interference: "It was Russia and I think it was probably others" ': False, 
'Cycle path to the Alps. The lack of safe cycling paths and roads in Ireland is a disgrace. ': False, 
'As I could, because I wanted to find my fucking dog. Like wtf am I supposed waste my time find cute ass pictures of her? No bitch, fuck ': True, 
"And don't worry, you didn't do anything because everybody knows you voted… ": False, 
'For me, whom your brother May ill never earn, till Thou falle a milk-white steed, To come and gay, ': False, 
"Beast, beast it Bite me, ride me Strike me, indict me Sniper, swiper, rapper, trapper I'm-lit, light-ning ": False, 
'press conference. liberal media are bad. no security guarantees to Poland. Poland buys US arms/gas. Poles r ': True, 
"Gender pay gap triples in Donald Trump's White House ": False, 
'Obama held a July Fourth party for military families every year Trump tweeted a CAMPAIGN song Then went ': False, 
'Miss Ireland Promo 2 Get it here: ': False, 
"That's pathetic! I better start watching my ": False, 
'Check out and Federation of pledge to athletes / artists. ': False, 
"BTS stands for Bitch There's ": False, 
'NBC News: Obama warned Trump that North Koreans were working on a long-range missile that could reach the U.S. ': False,
'Not even sure where I fall now! Fiscally conservative Socially liberal Libertarianish. GOP spends mo… ': False, 
'Northern Ireland reach Fifa ranking high ': False, 
'my first for on 5 crucial american bands including , , &amp; more. ': False, 
'NEWS! Donald Trump arrives in Poland to begin search for next Eastern European wife ': False, 
'President Obama warned Trump that North Korea was working on an ICBM that could reach the U-S mainland. WATCH: ': False,
'Idiot. The DUP did not get a penny. The people of N Ireland got the… ': True, 
'The Sooner the Licence fee is scrapped the better, They do nothing for the unity of our country. ': False, 
'trutherbotsilve: Science says liberals are psychotic: ': True, 
'On 7pm, discussing CNN, Mrs A and Liberal unrest in Wentworth seat (ML speaking: Bellevue Hill Branch ': False, 
'Terrifying incompetence from this Tory government, I wish I felt Labour would be better on Brexit, but I have no faith ': False, 
'bitch no send ': True, 
'is trending high! Top Trends every hour only ': False, 
'Pharmacist Jobs in the Hull Area, United Kingdom - Ireland - ': False, 
'See our latest and click to apply: Field Marketing Manager – UK, Ireland; Africa - ': False, 
'The Brexit vote sent the pound lower, making imports more expensive and pushing up inflation ': False, 
'love live is gay ': False, 
"It isn't possible to make this work on the border between R.Ireland and N.Ireland. The border goes through farms. ": False, 
'Basically a gathering of sniveling liberal ': False, 
'nytimes "Was Russia solely responsible for campaign meddling? "Nobody really knows," Trump said. Live updates: ': False,
"Well that Katie Hopkins needs to get a fucking life, judging people like, what love you ain't fucking perfect ": True, 
'Tinashe Answer: "The Temple of God was then dedicated with great joy by the people of Israel, the priests, the Levites, and ': False, 
"It's called Obama ": False, 
'More photos of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
'im your gay ': False, 
'"Liberal anti bullying groups have rounded on CNN !!". No they havent, Im totally bullshitting ': False, 
'Boris Johnson says Donald Trumps approach to politics "has gripped the imagination of people around the world". ': False, 
'More me and fuck you - nicely. Katie Hopkins calls CNN Clinton News Network ': True, 
'Guardian: Investigators are looking into whether pro-Trump websites coordinated w/ Russia over releasing fake news. ': False,
'I hope they also realise that many priests only pretend to be religious to keep their cushioned job.… ': False,
 'Rundown Liberal Chicago is $14B in debt murder capital, but Rahm pays for "Real Fake" CRAP outside Trump Tower.': False,
 'When Obama was President, the LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new ': False,
  '"so here I was ready for the comeback of One Direction but then that bitch Harry decided to do another world tour next ': True, 
  'you love a female the right way she gone be the coldest bitch ': True, 
  'Felicity Wilson, Liberal MP for North Shore, admits she does not have double degree': False, 
  'Am I the only one to notice that our liberal friends have been tweeting less since the Blashpemy Violence by Muslims': False, 
  'Brilliance. You heard it here first, ladies and gentlemen. Straight Until Proven Gay.': True, 
  "This is why Obama and Hillary don't celebrate the 4th. ": False, 
  'even APPARENTLY sincere MORTAL priests truly LETHAL ALL choose freely IMMORTAL high priest as Abraham did ask God… ': False, 
  'fuck model gay ': True, 
  'mbbs: mx are so gay for each other me: same Omg rt rt not mbb: mx are so gay for each other me: wDYM ': True, 
  "Robert Mueller's Suicide Squad of Lawyers Has Donald Trump Sounding Extremely Shook ": False, 
  'Lord Jagannath being offered holy drink during Adhar Pana ritual in Puri ': False, 
  'New single ': False, 
  'Barack Hussein Obama warns Americans about "too much patriotism" if this traitor should stay out of the country he hates ': False, 
  'Guinness to start printing calories on cans ': False, 
  'Donald Trump chants all day ': False, 
  "You're all ": False, 
  'President Trump, in Poland, said "nobody really knows" if only Russia meddled in the U.S. election. Live coverage: ': False, 
  'BillMoyersHQ: can do more to reduce the gap btwn the rich and poor -- July 06, 2017 at ': False, 
  'Your copy of The Agenda ! ': False, 
  'What the voters failed to notice is that there is more than one elite. They have handed the country to a ': False, 
  'Please join us in praying for our priests. Today we pray for Rev. Paul J. ': False, 
  'Trump still obsessing about ': False, 
  'Letter of the decade on Brexit, only in ': False, 
  'The latest The PCOS in Ireland Daily! Thanks to ': False, 
  "I said- You're neva, eva, eva gonna- Get my- Fake eye- Didn't I ": False, 
  'HAPPY GAY PRIDE Photo by Israel Garcia ': False, 
  "You're just another typical Looney Left disrespectful intolerant liberal ": False, 
  'The NRA is now openly advertising itself as a right-wing paramilitary organization whose job is to intimidate and attack ': False, 
  'Tell my ex that my new nigga get me wetter bitch - ': False, 
  'stereotypical gay man: flouncy, wears pink, camp, high pitched voice, overly flirtatious real gay man: a man who is ': False,
 'I invented the Donald Trump piñata': False, 
 'When we some taught OngNiel is dead but bitch they are making a comeback ': False, 
 'MSM won\'t show this but Brits are in the streets chanting, "Donald Trump, We Love You, Britain First, Fighting Back" ': False, 
 'I WENT HOME EARLY BITCH U WAS SUPPOSED TO GET WORKING ON SHIT BUT THE ONLY SHIT I GOT DONE WAS REST AND DRINK WATER ': True, 
 "Ireland might be big to us but we're only a small part of a big diverse population ": False, 
 'When u use the flower filter to look innocent but Ur still a venomous lil bitch ': False, 
 'Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ': False, 
 "don't play with me, play with yo ": False, 
 'hair love life ': False, 
 '"guys just wanted to let you know if you didn\'t know I\'m Justin Bieber" ': False, 
 'Gay Porn Behind The Scenes Fucks Bareback MORE ': False, 
 'South Australia has the most liberal access pathway for medical cannabis. This however is usurped by the TGA regs. States ': False, 
 'Obama’s Letter to Trump via ': False, 
 "A plea for interaction with other people from a man who called Brexit voters 'the lager louts of Europe' ": False, 
 '(5) More photos of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
 'Solution to the Turnbull vs Abbott impasse - for Liberal Party Leader f… ': False, 
 'This picture just called me an emo bitch in high school and then snapchatted me for nudes at 2 AM when we graduated ': True, 
 'Wow:"Compared with Trump’s 50 confirmed, nominees, Obama had 186, Bush II had 133, Clinton had 198; Bush I had 148" ': False, 
 'I liked a video Justin Bieber - Sorry (Latino Remix / Audio) ft. J ': False, 
 'big-guy-stuff: stretchmine ': False, 
 'Happythursday ': False, 
 "can't wait to be the old gay aunt living on a boat in a harbor w 12 cats; 7 birds drawing gay erotica while listening ": False, 
 'PiS is getting priests to encourage parishers to go to Warsaw "on free buses" to see Trump speak ': False, 
 'the liberal party are far left terrorist and threat to America. ': True, 
 'Post-industrial liberal democracy is fundamentally dysgenic, due to active redistribution to the botto… ': True, 
 'Bitch u dont even have a ': True, 
 'Most Catholics are disgusted ; ashamed about paedophile priests Most Muslims will deny, ignore or deflect the subject ': False, 
 'not neo liberal ofc, thats an evil commie slur used to oppress the poor ': False, 
 '- The is covering up Pedophile child abusing "priests". Awaken the world about the true nature of the ': True, 
 '(Grio) Police raid drug-fueled ‘gay orgy’ at Vatican priest’s apt. ': False, 
 'The collapse in UK car registrations in the most recent quarter suggests something is very wrong in Britain. ': False, 
 ': Trump: US considering ‘pretty severe’ action on North Korea WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump ': False, 
 "Learn to be a bitch sometimes. Not all the time you're ": True, 
 'someone: you are such a bitch! me: ': True, 
 'Large Ireland Map Image | Large Ireland Map HD Picture ': False, 
 'Justin Bieber via Instagram ': False, 
 "i'm that petty bitch that would still speak to u and i know u don't LIKE ME ": False, 
 'Cancer patients in Ireland are paying up to €63 a week in car parking charges to attend appointments in hospitals all over ': False, 
 "Given most of their coverage, it looks like it's the BBC themselves that don't want Brexit to actually happen. ": False, 
 'In El Fili, everything is either gay or bi Even Donya V Good ': False, 
 'From cyber security expert to chef: the in-demand careers of the future ': False, 
 "MY CONDOLENCES IF U LOST ME AND FOUND OUT U COULDN'T FIND A BITCH LIKE ME ": False, 
 'CLICK HERE FULL VIDEO ': False, 
 ": Trump savages US trade deals as 'most terrible in history' and warns: 'THAT WILL CHANGE' PRESIDENT ": False, 
 'Absolutely. that it should be embraced. Different priests have different gifts - but… ': False, 
 'love u gay ': False, 
 'THREE LIBERAL JUDGES PLAYING TAG FOOTBALL AT HARVARD! ': False, 
 "Theresa May fights Camilla! Pippa puts a gypsy curse on Kate! Here's my review of last night's ": False, 
 "sickest song don't me ": False, 
 "'Not possible': The EU just demolished key aim of Tory Brexit strategy ": False, 
 '!"Come here, where are you from?" Donald Trump \'flirts\' with female reporter in Oval Office (WATCH VIDEO) ': False, 
 'miss u big gay ': False, 
 'Jia Morado is really the best setter in the Philippines. I mean bitch, this girl chooses no first ball! ': False, 
 'That guy scares me. What is his agenda and does he have liberal open minded values in his heart. H… ': False, 
 'EXO IS COMING BACK FOR REAL BXNNSJSJS BITCH I AM ALL READY TO SUPPORT MY ': False, 
 'BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM Prez Trump ANNIHILATES Failed Obama Crooked Hillary on World Stage in ': False, 
 'Fight for the soul of the Liberal Party hostage not a leader ': False, 
 'The Obama sommelier ': False, 
 'BBC bosses defend not revealing Peter Capaldi’s replacement, saying that post-Brexit it’s just impossible to attract ': False, 
 'Fans Mob Justin Bieber As He Steps Out Of Nando’s In Sydney ': False, 
 '"Babe she\'s just my frie.." "TELL THAT BITCH YOU ALREADY GOT A FRIEND" ': False, 
 'Happy Gay Vegan Day 2017!': False, 
 'One minute you nice,next minute you a ': True, 
 'Obama, Dems Ignoring - Working Around the U.S. RETWEET ': False, 
 "Today's The Day by on Hits Camp Tunes ": False, 
 'Sexy Guys': False, 
 'cops bust drug-fueled gay orgy at home of missionaries ': False, 
 '= Brexit devaluation. End of story ': False, 
 'Novo Nordisk has confirmed certain pens distributed in Ireland have been affected ': False, 
 'Brexit negotiator in post-exit trade warning — Sky News Business (SkyNewsBiz) July 6, ': False, 
 'yes all ghosts are gay you ': True, 
 'Was Russia solely responsible for campaign meddling? "Nobody really knows," Trump said. Live updates: ': False, 
 "My primer was $40 bitch this face ain't moving an inch ": False, 
 'Justin Bieber Battles Man Flu On Stage At BST Hyde Park 2017 | Contactmu.. Related Articles: ': False, 
 "Justin Bieber's 2U is constantly plying on this music channel and I can't help it to squeal every time I spot Stella ooops ": False, 
 'is frontrunner for ': False, 
 'There\'s: "Hoe" "Slut" "Bitch" "Cunt" "Whore" Abuse Sexual assault Dehumanization You get the idea. Y\'all treat like ': False, 
 'I find the ranking of priests vs journalists particularly ironic here... ': False, 
 'Ray Kurzweil, talks to The Drum about brand trust, how AI can help advertisers; technology aiding human evolution… ': False, 
 'The man who won the Brexit referendum for Leave who now thinks it was a mistake ': False, 
 'Donald Trump: Russia may have interfered with 2016 Presidential election ': False, 
 'Integration Architect, Dublin - ': False, 
 "You can't take advantage of first class if you've only signed up to economy. Nor should you be able to. ": True, 
 'Well said we can be incredibly selfish sometimes in Ireland. the EU has and continues to be good for ': False, 
 'Katie Hopkins (formerly Anthony): British actor/actress, most notably portraying Hannibal in ': False, 
 '; bet you a heterosexual orgy in the vatican would see the priests get counseling and th… ': False, 
 '(13) More photos of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
 'Thread from one of the wisest Twitter commentators on Brexit.': False, 
 'Excellent. Well said. All credit to those who are constantly ': False, 
 'When priveleged white men have ideas; "Let\'s give Muslim women freedom of choice, by not letting them choose"... o_O ': False, 
 'a list of fandom things that make me uncomfortable: 1. omega verse/mpreg 2. gender swaps 3. y/n insert fics 4. 13 yr ': False, 
 'We need to vett our Supreme Court and weed out the political Liberal ': True, 
 'Trump in Poland again blamed Obama for Russian hacking issues, "why didn\'t he do something about it?" DT, what are YOU ': False, 
 '100 on my whrist 80 on me whrist lil pump never spend his Money on his ': False, 
 'South-Africa, - darling of the liberal world in 1994, - State Capture Report in 2 Minutes via ': False, 
 "Maybe he thinks this is really cool; 'liberal,' but stuff like this just reinforces notion of sexuality as a choice ": False, 
 "When my bitch Candace hype me up I can't with her she does the ": False, 
 "He HATES Obama because he doesn't have the brains,the class,the intellect of Obama. ": True, 
 'Careful. He/she is *this* close to defending American values from you, ': True, 
 'MARK LIVE ACCOUSTIC SINGING JUSTIN BIEBER LOVE YOURSELF': False, 
 'Almost told her bitch your man is almost 50... They stopped me because ....... The age thing is a touchy issue in that ': False, 
 '"Donald Trump is a selfish man\'s president" ': True, 
 "WATCH: Former Labor leader Mark Latham says he's getting 'overwhelmed' with invitations to Liberal Party events. Live ": False, 
 'Some in politics would rather see Brexit delivered even if it meant Britain failed. ': False, 
 "Trent Partridge Trump: Russia 'and others' meddled in election ": False, 
 '"The man who led the drive to pull Britain out of the EU is admitting that it may well not work" ': False,
 'Also True, She Worked With Senator Lindsey Graham To Do It (More Bipartisan Evidence) ': False, 
 "LIVE NOW: Liberal members don't want Abbott to stop, while most ministers don't want him to stay. Is it time for a ": False, 
 '"Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles." ~John ': False, 
 'The word " bitch" has no gender .... These niggas bitches too ': False, 
 "Fired FBI Director Comey decided to bury 47 hard drives with PROOF of Obama's spying. Furious yet? Watch this: ": False, 
 'is dying. The British public realise they ': False, 
 "Trump's first mistake was bringing Obama with him on this trip.Badmouthing… ": False, 
 "police bust 'drug-fueled orgy' at top priest's apartment ": False, 
 'Donald Trump to warn that future of west is in doubt in Warsaw speech ': False, 
 'Bitch where? ': False, 
 "Just in case you missed the 'Vote Leave Chief admits Brexit was an error' story... ": False, 
 "Anytime a nigga in a pic with the bad bitch hand...just know he don't give two fucks": False, 
 'Swim Ireland CEO Sarah Keane gets our Inspiring Girls In Sport Conference underway ': False, 
 'K-ELF , You will Destroy Super Junior !!!!! because you. fucking bitch ! ': True, 
 'BITCH THE FUCK DID I DO TO ': True, 
 'Technically, does an orgy have a minimum number of participants? ': False, 
 'High attendance at session with Joyce Epstein Aine Lynch from Ireland and Eileen Prior from ': False, 
 'I think every belieber loves this about him! Justin ': False, 
 'Five red hot American ‘punk’ bands you need to know including via ': False, 
 'President Donald Trump says the U.S. is working with Poland to address Russia\'s "destabilising ': False, 
 'Which are you in debate? HT ': False, 
 "*slides $20 to One more gay character I'm begging u, plz just confirm it - it can be anyone but it'll": False, 
 'Tomorrow, my Husband and I are heading off to beautiful Ireland for a well deserved holiday. However, there is no...': False, 
 'His first mistake was bringing Obama with him on this trip.Badmouthing Obama may please his base here but Obama is': False, 
 "Psst! I'm in the Republic of Ireland! The fact that you've screwed No… ": False, 
 'Indeed. The Mail/Sun/Star/Telegraph/Express to name but a few media outlets are vehemently anti Brexit.': False, 
 'i need a FUCKING hug': False, 
 '(12) More photos of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6)': False, 
 'Mor Justin Bieber Justin Bieber Justin ': False, 
 "Male model murdered 'for being too good-looking'... ": False, 
 'And yet there ARE ': False, 
 'Irish building sites face more chaos as crane drivers vote to ramp up strikes ': False, 
 "Trump meets Poland's Duda in Warsaw - U.S. President Donald Trump meets Polish President Andrzej Duda ahead of ... ": False, 
 'bitch i hate when something happens and im CALM and then someone yells to me and i get so ': True, 
 'They will be more happy if China attacks India,defeat for Modi but victory for this liberal gang, why… ': False, 
 '"Life Is Worth Living" by Justin Bieber has just been certified Gold in the US, the 12th song from \'Purpose\' to receive ': False, 
 'Wonderful to hear Sharan Burrow, leader of the global trade union movement, address us here in Belfast, Ireland at the ': False, 
 "It's nothing to do with Toby Emily it's to do with you and that bitch sending hate to ": False, 
 '"It is the end of CNN" is exactly what Vince McMahon &amp; Donald Trump were planning 10 years ago when they made the ': False, 
 "Wearing make up does not make you gay. Make up is literally just a tool to dress up. Amazing, isn't ": False, 
 "My fav made my Venmo balance $100 to say goodnight he's the best weak bitch ever. ": True, 
 'Continuing good news: UK shrugged off with record in the first half of 2017 ': False, 
 'PMD has become one of the region’s most influential medical device manufacturers ': False, 
 "Do I think it's right to cheat? I plead the 5th. Such moral pontifications are best left to priests and politicians. I'm here to ": False, 
 'Ah the priests in the Vatican must be opposing it too then ': False, 
 "Yeah next thing you'll see is the president on a ": False, 
 '"We said Hi to Justin; he said \'Hey, what\'s up?\' We told him we loved his jumper he smiled at us!" - fans who met ': False, 
 'So, this group can not self control, the cult has no internal sherif, there for the cult of the Roman Catholic... ': True, 
 'Both and get their orders from China. Purchased at a Price ': False, 
 'New Zealand MPs apologise for hurt caused by gay sex convictions ': False, 
 "Pray for Steve Scalise, he's back in the ICU. All because a liberal disagreed with his opinion. The left should be ": False, 
 "Katie Hopkins, who's wages you pay called for a 'final solution' in regard to Mus… ": False, 
 "Vatican police 'break up gay orgy at home of secretary of one of Pope Francis's key advisers' ": False, 
 'Less of a meme. More me and f*ck you - nicely. Katie Hopkins calls CNN Clinton News Network ': False, 
 "when will you accept you're part of the problem There are NO upsides to for bar ": False, 
 'Why was this same press not critical of Obama, who set up a culture of corruption in the ': False, 
 "Didn't expect this from Sushma Swaraj, one of the most liberal ministers in the NDA. ": False, 
 'WATCH: Uniting Ireland. Economically viable, or fiscal deal-breaker? - I spoke with Irish Republican MEP ': False, 
 "Media spent more time looking for a Reddit user than it ever did finding the truth behind Obama's illegal cash ": False, 
 "FEMALE PRIESTS ARE NOW IN DF GLOBAL And I really don't want to play DFO ": False, 
 "Check out this job title at RSA Insurance Ireland.: I'm sure it's indury not inury ": False, 
 'The arrogance and lack of respect for our system of governance that Obama is demonstratin… ': True, 
 "Vatican police 'break up gay orgy' at home of one of Pope Francis' advisors ": False, 
 'The problem is that all of us (liberal and conservative) have been conditioned not to th… ': False, 
 ". purple dots on this map show where birds ringed in Britain Ireland have been found - isn't migration amazing? ": False, 
 "Jesuit priests solve murders in the film adaptation of FH Batacan's Palanca-award winning novel | READ: ": False, 
 'Girls with resting bitch face are lowkey the best to date. They only smile at you the rest of the time look like they ': False, 
 'County Galway – one of Ireland’s most beautiful and popular areas. Discover what it has to offer ': False, 
 "dont listen to them they're a little ": False, 
 'New book reveals Massive Clinton/Obama cover-up ': False, 
 'Obama Bundler Judge William Orrick Wrong on Sanctuary City Funding ': False, 
 'And we look forward to you accepting the need for as turns out to be the disaster any ': False, 
 'Pls play me Justin Bieber despacito please ': False, 
 'EU chief neg "in classical negotiation \'no deal\' would mean stauts quo. In Brexit \'no deal\' means return to a ': False, 
 'What is Liam Fox smoking? Without the overt support of the Daily Mail, Telegraph, Sun and other rags, Brexit would… ': False, 
 'Hearts in Ireland | Ian Cathro talks Perry Kitchen, midfield reinforcements Kyle Lafferty debut ': False, 
 'You were never an atheist but confuse horny abnormal masturbator anti gay in denial ': True, 
 "The whole speech made me cry. Obama didn't respect our Vets or any of our men and women in ": True, 
 'But he had a go at Bad ': False, 
 'i got so many groups i wanna stan espeCIALLY SEVENTEEN ': False, 
 'Vastly underreported for much too long: Persecution of gay men, LGBT+ people in Putin violates human rights ': False, 
 'The priesthood has, ironically, long been a sanctity for gay Catholics. Many gays became priests but… ': False, 
 "Liberal dummy spitters can't get what they want so fuck everything and leave the country in shit, sick of these ass ": False, 
 'Andrew Garfield Causes Twitter Frenzy After Claiming He’s Gay ': False, 
 "2. In Russia remarks, Trump appears angrier with Obama's response than Putin's meddling. “Why did Obama do nothing about ": False, 
 '(10) More photos of Justin Bieber spotted out in Sydney, Australia today. (July 6) ': False, 
 "Without associates, Priests can celebrate 4-7 Masses per weekend. The Pope's instruction to prefer concelebration is ": False, 
 '"I am beginning to hear talk in some quarters that Brexit may not actually happen" reports ': False}
